2240 - Fix lower toolbar was working inverse with application menu (#2492)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

### v4.20.0 Fixes

- `[Alerts]` Removed dirty tracker from the page due to layout issues. ([#1679](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1679))

> - `[App Menu]` Fixed an issue where lower toolbar was working inverse. ([#2240](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2240))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[App Menu]` Fixed an issue where the lower toolbar inverts left and right keyboard actions. ([#2240](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2240))
```
